There are those baked and not baked. But this is a baked cheesecake. If you eat it with berry jam or lemon juice, get more delicious.
It's made by chilling fruit juice, gelatin, and sugar. It's good to eat with fruits in summer!!
This is fried dessert food with flour and egg dough. There are have many toppings. In this case, I put melted chocolate on this. And calories are high, it is easy to get fat.
It's made by eggs, sugar, and milk with steamed. It's runny. I like this. Caramel is hard to make.
In Japan, it call "shortcake". Flour, eggs etc to make and decorated. After stretching cream on cake, put strawberry on and squeeze the cream.
It’s made by baked egg white and sugar. It's so sweet because it's used a lot of sugar. It's very expensive sweets. But there are some people who don't feel it's taste good. That's me. I like chocolate than this.
Mixed flour and sugar, eggs, oil, etc and baked in oven. In this case, put in chocolate chips. It's delicious to eat with milk. In the game, click games based on this cookie are famous.
Malon cake. The malon cream is squeezed  thinly, so its shape is unique. It's taking names from the Mt.Mont Blanc.
It’s made with flour and eggs baked in skillet. It tastes good to eat it with butter and maple syrup. You’ll get full more than expected.
Japanese sweets. A sweet bean paste wrapped with rice cake. Often use a "Gyuhi" as a substitute for rice cake. "Gyuhi" is like semi-transparent marshmallow.
Japanese sweets to eat "Children's Day" in hopes of children's healthy growth. It’s a rice cake including sweet bean paste wrapped with the leaves of "Kashiwa". You must peel off the leaves to eat this.
It's a pancake with sweet bean paste inside. Its shape is like a fish. Lately, not just sweet bean paste, but also it has custard cream, chocolate.
It's a Japanese traditional sweets.That eats when looking at the cherry blossoms in spring.It's a 3 colour dumpling.Pink means cherry blossoms, and spring. White means winter goes away, green mean summer of fresh green.
It's sweets made from sweet bean paste and agar. It's so sweet. There are colorful variations such as those made green tea, sweet white bean paste.
It's a cracker made from rice. There are many tastes from sweet to salty, such as soy sauce and cheese.
Haribo is German gummi candy. Its shape is a bear, but there is also a shape of a cola. I heard it's delicious when put it in a cider, but I don't know because I don't ate.
Chocolate snack. It's cookies,and with coating chocolate on the outside. Its chocolate is less than "Kinoko-no-Yama" of sister items.
Chocolate snack. It's made by cracker and chocolate.It's fighting popularity with "Takenoko-no-Sato" of my sister item.
It's chocolate with a motif of Apollo 11 command ships. It has become two layers of strawberry taste chocolate and milk chocolate. "Upside-down Apollo" which inverted the  strawberry taste chocolate and milk chocolate is happening sometimes.
It's made from gelatin and egg white, water, sugar. It is fluffy. There are also a sweets called "S'more". It's baked marshmallow and chocolate, crackers.
Pineapple candy. There is a hole in the center. There are many collaborations, such as "PineAme" ice cream and "PineAme" taste of gummy.
